Li Qiye recalled that when the Ancient Ming Era was coming to an end and the Emperors Era began, his soul was still trapped in the body of the Dark Crow. And now, he was in this new era, an era where he temporarily regained his sanity and control of himself from the Immortal Demon Grotto after an eternity of struggle.

When he first met Immortal Emperor Min Ren, Min Ren was still a little boy who was in love with martial arts, someone who had no knowledge of the grand cultivational world.

The time between now and when he led Immortal Emperor Min Ren into the cultivation world was already many, many years. Many generations of experts had appeared and disappeared within the mysterious ocean of time.

Inadvertently looking at the obsidian colored wooden stick next to the altar below the statue, Li Qiye couldn’t help but slightly chuckle at the sight of it. He couldn’t believe that the stick still existed after so many years.

In the past, he made great use of it and disciplined that group of energetic children, including the Immortal Emperor, until they cried for their fathers and mothers.

At this moment, the six elders from the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect had all been gathered. Even though they were old, their blood energies were still as apparent as a rainbow with bright lights surrounding their bodies.

Even though the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect had declined, it was still an Immortal Emperor lineage. If the elders accepted the titles from the Heavenly Jewel Kingdom, then they would all be Named Heroes.

At this moment, the sharp gazes of these six elders were fixated on Li Qiye, as if they intended to uncover his secrets. However, Li Qiye remained calm and quietly sat in this uncomfortable atmosphere.

Eventually, the first elder gravely inquired: “Where’s the Cleansing Incense Ancient Order?” The order was extremely important because it was an object left behind by their founding Immortal Emperor.

Li Qiye slowly opened his palm to reveal the ancient order. He was surprised when Old Devil took him to the town below the sect’s mountain and then ran off to a brothel. Before leaving, he casually threw the order into Li Qiye’s hands. It was unbelievable that a person like this old man would have an ancient order.

In the past, when Li Qiye was trapped inside the Dark Crow and when Min Ren shouldered the Heaven’s Will, he gave the three ancient orders to Li Qiye. Later on, Li Qiye then gave these orders to different people. After millions of years, Li Qiye nostalgically stared at the order in his hand. In the past, he did not need them, but today, he had no choice but to rely on its authority.

The six elders passed around the order and carefully examined it to confirm that it was indeed authentic. The truth was that the sect had wanted to reclaim the order for a long time, but they did not have a way to force it from Old Devil’s hands. Old Devil knew that the order was equivalent to another life, thus he held onto it with his dear life. Who would have predicted that it would fall into the hands of a mortal without any reputation?

The first elder coldly asked: “Where is Old Devil?” In reality, the first elder harbored no love for Old Devil, a person who could only spend money, lie, and play with women. To him, it did not matter if Old Devil was the son of the previous sect master or not.

Li Qiye calmly answered: “He went to Cui Hong Brothel.”

Shadows could be seen on the six elders’ faces. Even though they didn’t like Old Devil, the thought of someone from their honorable sect visiting the most famous and popular brothel within a thousand mile radius was a source of great shame. And it wasn’t like it was his first time visiting this brothel either. The elders had pent up anger and didn’t know how to release it. They could only hope that such a notorious player wouldn’t be part of their sect in the future.

A different elder loudly asked: “What is your demand?” They didn’t know the method Li Qiye employed to obtain it, but the truth was that the order in front of them was definitely not fake.

Li Qiye slowly responded: “I heard that the prime disciple position of the sect is still unoccupied. Since Old Devil fervently recommended me due to my talents, I have no choice but to ask for this position.”

After hearing his answer, the six elders started to curse Old Devil. That goddamned bastard, what rights did he have to recommend someone to become the prime disciple of their sect? It was an extremely important position, so the sect had to carefully select the right individual. Otherwise, the spot would have already been occupied.

An elder spoke with a cold voice: “Don’t treat the prime disciple position as a joke!”

“I know.” Li Qiye calmly and slowly enunciated his words without fear: “However, the person who carries the order has the right to demand any request — this was the rule established by Immortal Emperor Min Ren.”

The first elder interjected with a threatening question: “What if you used an underhanded method to obtain this order?” This position wasn’t something that could be joked about or given out without any thought.

Li Qiye replied in a domineering manner: “I understand. Elders fear that I might have used dishonest means to force the order from the hands of Old Devil. Since you six do not trust me, you can send people to Cui Hong Brothel for confirmation.”

Deep in their hearts, the elders cried out in pain every time they heard the name “Cui Hong Brothel.” In the end, they had no choice but to send disciples to confirm the what Li Qiye said.

A moment later, a disciple confirmed that Li Qiye’s words were indeed true. The disciple tried his best to leave out information regarding Old Devil’s joyful and debaucherous situation with the girls right now. Otherwise, the elders might have gone crazy.

Unwilling as they may be, the elders had to follow the rules given to them by the patriarch. Even if the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect has fallen, their lineage was still that of an Immortal Emperor’s. Thus, they could not dishonor the reputation left behind by their ancestor.

Ultimately, the elders issued a command: “Bring out the Truth Mirror.”

The Truth Mirror shone on Li Qiye’s body. Any mortal who wanted to join a sect for cultivation purposes had to be judged by this type of mirror. It tested for one’s physique, life wheel, and fate palace.

Within the mirror, Li Qiye’s reflection appeared. It was a hazy, unstable shadow that seemed as if it would disappear at a moment’s notice. Behind this reflection’s head, an illusive blood halo appeared, and above this halo was a dim light — both were extremely feeble.

“A mortal physique, a mortal life wheel, and his destiny shows that he has a mortal fate palace.” The disciple reported the Truth Mirror’s findings on Li Qiye’s innate talents and physical condition.

Every person had a physique, life wheel, and fate palace. The physique directly affected one’s physical strength, the life wheel indicated one’s longevity, and the fate palace showed one’s innate talent for cultivation.

Li Qiye’s mortal physique, mortal life wheel, and mortal fate palace silenced the elders. He was the most average of men; the sect could go outside and grab any commoner from the streets and they would also have the same talents.

“If you want to become the prime disciple of the Cleansing Incense Ancient Sect, then forget about King and Saint Physiques, at the very least, you would need to have a Xiantian Physique. Your life wheel also has to be around the same level. Your abilities are not fit for this position.” The first elder directly rejected Li Qiye.

“I am aware of my talents.” Li Qiye didn’t want to think too much of it and casually spoke: “But I still want to be the prime disciple.”

“You…” The elders were extremely aggravated by these words. This person was not qualified to even become a normal disciple, let alone the prime disciple! This was one of the most unreasonable requests they had ever heard.

“I trust that the descendants of the Immortal Emperor would neither go back on their words nor violate the ancestral rule and bring shame to the sect and lineage.” Li Qiye played around with the order in his hand and slowly continued: “If this order were to fall into another’s hands, the result would be unimaginable.”

Hearing this, the expressions of the six elders froze. The first elder gazed at him and coldly retorted: “Even if such a thing happened, anyone who wants to become the prime disciple of our sect has to be tested in all aspects. This ranges from their origin to their background as well as their innate talents. After all, the sect will not allow an unqualified candidate to take the position.”

“That is your problem.” Li Qiye stared at the six elders and said: “If you think another sect sent me to steal your Immortal Emperor’s heritage, then let me tell you that I would not need to become the prime disciple. Due to this virtuous order, I can just ask for them; there would be no need to bother becoming the prime disciple. You should know this better than myself! If I wanted to harm the sect, it would not be a difficult feat with the power of this order.”

Li Qiye’s words made the elders glance at each other. Even though they were a bit ambivalent, they didn’t entirely trust Li Qiye.

“He is not exactly without reason.” Elder Cao, one of the six elders, slowly responded: “If the order keeps on wandering around outside, wouldn’t that be a hidden danger to us? We cannot refuse anyone with the order, so we might as well accept his request.”

The first elder coldly replied: “Hmph… This matter cannot be taken lightly!”

Another elder mused: “From the past till now, the prime disciple has always been the disciple directly under the sect master. Whether we accept his request or not, either way, we must first ask for the sect master’s opinion regarding this decision, then make the choice afterward.”

“This makes sense. In the end, the prime disciple would be the direct disciple of the sect master.” The remaining elders agreed.

After the six elders finished debating, the first elder immediately commanded: “Send a letter to the sect master.”

The letter was quickly sent to Sect Master Su Yonghuang, and the six elders received a reply very quickly. To their surprise, the reply was that the sect master had actually allowed for Li Qiye to become the prime disciple.

The first elder read the letter three times and confirmed that he didn’t misread, so he angrily yelled: “Truly unbelievable! The sect master is being too rash!”

Elder Cao persuaded with words: “Brother Gu, if the sect master has agreed, then why are we still debating? In the end, the prime disciple is still the direct disciple of the sect master, so the choice is in the sect master’s hands.”

“The sect master is being too rash, ah!” Another elder shook his head and sighed.

Elder Cao forcefully smiled: “So be it, we have no other choice. Ultimately, if we can recover the order, then we will have done a great service to the sect.”